any hand
very good to all and welcome to me
I am javito pinto channel I bring you a
new cheap equipazo this time with
team of the series that is worth only 15
thousand coins and that yields a level
impressive but before you start
guys if you want to get very many
coins below the description I leave a
totally legit page where they sell
trade guides or at different prices
You can also pay them only with
Last coins and store you need
with gasteiz your money and then
you also put the code javito pinto
that I will leave also the description
You can get a discount so
nothing yes that is to get currency or with the
description you have this page where there
different methods to treat also
different prices depending on the
methods you want to buy is recorded
below you have the page to pass if you
like you already know how to buy it and with the
codes when javito pinto you will have a
assigned discount let's start with
this team an incredible team in
goal as you see I have marchetti
I had doubts and put marchetti down
to mic the two are working very well
well lately to finally put to
marchetti and the truth has worked for me
pretty good I think they are from the
best goalkeepers of the entire game and
possibly the best goalkeeper of the
Defense series of four for constan
cáceres bonucci and with code
very good defenses the sides are
quite similar the two have
quite strong especially with elbow are
fast defend very well go well
above and also at the time of uploading
attack can surprise you and mark them
some goal and then in the middle of the
defense I have bonucci and cáceres two
players that work very well in addition
if you want to go out with the ball played,
you will have no problem because being
the two of the juve do not fail almost any
pass in the same defensive center I have
to guarín a player that can work
in any position in the center of the
field is a player that has
very good statistics defends very
well and then also at the time of uploading
The attack also does very well done
some passes and the shot he has is very
very powerful by the bands two players
very fast gunsmiths and squares together
Colombians also that I like
much in the only difference that I have
among them is that square a little more
fast that armorer and that armorer has a
better shot than square
then in the offensive midfielder I have
ajam singh a player who has
delighted I find it incredible in a
player who has a shot from the
front and from further away even
incredible and inside the area is lethal
like feet the ball with this guy inside
of the area or on the fence
with the right leg has a cannon
incredible I assure you, you will see it in
goals is a past technique and then
they also make very good assistances and
up front incredible ibarbo and
mario gómez in this in this team has
worked better and bargo but the truth
is that mario gómez is a striker
incredible and new brutal statistics
and it seems to me that this year is not
deserves does not have all the merit or
everything that should be used is not used
use now I think lately I do
that is being used a lot
has brutal techniques 86 on average
it's a past, its rhythm is greater than
put in your letter because you have a
acceleration a sprint speed of
84 what makes accelerating maybe
it costs a bit but when it catches
speed is a pass is very fast its
shot is a pass and it goes very well for
up and by your side ibarbo a player
that has worked incredibly well
As you can see, he has scored a lot of goals
in a few games more than double the goals
and nothing is a player that has
worked very well is very fast is very
strong and also you can also
surprise and mark you score some goal
up so do not guys here
I leave the team
I leave you with a few which in case
you want to see the goals that have marked me
I do not put all this equipment on you because
the truth I will not do it in time or the video
It would be very long so I hope that you
have liked it if you do it then you can
tell me something on twitter that I tell you
leave the description too and nothing
I hope you liked it I hope that you
I like the goals I repeat that you spend
by the page below if you want
buy some trade guides or that
Also as I say you can buy them with
ultimate coins and you do not have to
you pay with your money without whips
procose liked the video the team in the
next video a3n dropped millions luís
orphans
enmity that I offer myself esteem enemies
way the social reaper
answer I am a low of me is that what
I am but saddest done to myself
no end of sight
the problem again for me
it is divine that nothing else
count on me
in 2002
the textiles are being very well
in this ix of a company that with more 20
years of his administration
like before the sounders
I do not care to
two
ap ap
and yes no
To my friends
it's hard for me good very nice
to expand to know is us the video is
because I do not consider myself
i